skills/conventional-commits/SKILL.md, before:

---
name: conventional-commits
description: Write conventional commit messages. Use when committing changes, writing commit messages, or reviewing commit history.
---

# Conventional Commits

Format: `type(scope): description`

## Types

| Type       | Use when                                     |
| ---------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| `feat`     | Adding new functionality                     |
| `fix`      | Fixing a bug                                 |
| `refactor` | Restructuring code without changing behavior |
| `docs`     | Documentation only                           |
| `test`     | Adding or updating tests                     |
| `chore`    | Maintenance (deps, config, build)            |
| `style`    | Formatting, whitespace, semicolons           |
| `perf`     | Performance improvements                     |
| `ci`       | CI/CD changes                                |
| `build`    | Build system or dependencies                 |

## Rules

- **Lowercase** type and description
- **No period** at end of description
- **Imperative mood**: "add" not "added" or "adds"
- **Scope** is optional: `feat(auth): add login`
- **Body** for details (blank line after subject)
- **Breaking changes**: `feat!:` or `BREAKING CHANGE:` in body

## Examples

```
feat: add user authentication

fix(api): handle null response from server

refactor: extract validation into separate module

docs: update README with setup instructions

chore: bump typescript to 5.7

feat!: change API response format

BREAKING CHANGE: response now returns { data, meta } instead of raw array
```

## Multi-line

```
feat(auth): add OAuth2 support

- Add Google and GitHub providers
- Store tokens in secure cookie
- Add refresh token rotation
```

## What NOT to do

```
# Bad: past tense
Added new feature

# Bad: uppercase
Feat: Add feature

# Bad: period at end
fix: resolve crash.

# Bad: vague
fix: stuff

# Bad: too long (>50 chars in subject)
feat: add a really long description that goes on and on about what was done
```

Commit message:

chore: add shadcn docs sync script and expand starter notes
- Add no-explicit-any rule to oxlint config
- Add sync-shadcn-docs.sh script for fetching component docs
- Add Storybook setup instructions to project-starter
- Update conventional-commits skill with agent disclaimer example

skills/conventional-commits/SKILL.md, after:

---
name: conventional-commits
description: Write conventional commit messages. Use when committing changes, writing commit messages, or reviewing commit history.
---

# Conventional Commits

Format: `type(scope): description`

## Types

| Type       | Use when                                     |
| ---------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| `feat`     | Adding new functionality                     |
| `fix`      | Fixing a bug                                 |
| `refactor` | Restructuring code without changing behavior |
| `docs`     | Documentation only                           |
| `test`     | Adding or updating tests                     |
| `chore`    | Maintenance (deps, config, build)            |
| `style`    | Formatting, whitespace, semicolons           |
| `perf`     | Performance improvements                     |
| `ci`       | CI/CD changes                                |
| `build`    | Build system or dependencies                 |

## Rules

- **Lowercase** type and description
- **No period** at end of description
- **Imperative mood**: "add" not "added" or "adds"
- **Scope** is optional: `feat(auth): add login`
- **Body** for details (blank line after subject)
- **Breaking changes**: `feat!:` or `BREAKING CHANGE:` in body

## Examples

```
feat: add user authentication

fix(api): handle null response from server

refactor: extract validation into separate module

docs: update README with setup instructions

chore: bump typescript to 5.7

feat!: change API response format

BREAKING CHANGE: response now returns { data, meta } instead of raw array
```

## Multi-line

```
feat(auth): add OAuth2 support

- Add Google and GitHub providers
- Store tokens in secure cookie
- Add refresh token rotation
```

## What NOT to do

```
# Bad: past tense
Added new feature

# Bad: uppercase
Feat: Add feature

# Bad: period at end
fix: resolve crash.

# Bad: vague
fix: stuff

# Bad: too long (>50 chars in subject)
feat: add a really long description that goes on and on about what was done

# Bad: do not end your commit agent disclaimers
🤖 Generated with [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)

Co-Authored-By: Claude Opus 4.5 <noreply@anthropic.com>
```
